We covered a lot of ground in this module already and the basics of react native and how we work with
it, how we work with these built-in components and how we can build our own components with these built
in components, just like in the web where we use divs and spans instead,
all that should be clear by now.
Now there's one other thing I definitely want to highlight,
always keep in mind that we are building a react app here right,
so we're building react components with the normal react framework,
you can tell that by the imports.
Therefore every component we create, every class based component I should say of course also has the
typical lifecycle hooks,
so we can add compinentDidMount and so on here in this component, just as we can add it in a well web
based react application.
So all these lifecycle hooks can be used here and in general, all the things you know about react components
from react web applications apply here too,
regarding state management, refs, lifecycle hooks, prop type validation,
all these things which I won't repeat here because you should have covered them already in some react
course,
all these things also apply here
and I just wanted to emphasize this because it can be easy to overlook this, to feel like a react native
app is something completely different and it just isn't. The biggest difference is that you use different
components or elements for building your application
and of course that you have to keep in mind that you're running your application in a different environment,
so that you have access to some native device features which we'll also cover in this course like the camera
and maps and add some other features you know from the browser might be missing.
Let me dive deeper into that in the next lecture and let me explain which typical javascript features
you can use in a react native app and which features you can't use.